website/docs: stages cleanup (#21558)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/mtls/index.md

toc_max_heading_level: 5
---

> The Mutual TLS stage authenticates or enrolls users by matching a presented client certificate to a user attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mutual TLS stage authenticates or enrolls users by validating a presented client certificate.
```
